Internship Goals
Nicholas Stone

An important note on being a computer science major: the umbrella of CS-related and -adjacent applications 
cannot be contained in a single umbrella but rather a series of them. Entering college, I was (and largely still am) 
fairly dead set on applying my computer science degree to Industrial/Organizational (I/O) Psychology, wherein I can 
learn ML through the lens of workplace and behavioral interactions. And yet, there’s another part of me which wants 
to apply my degree in the energy sector, understanding how to optimize the allocations of energy to the corporations 
who desire it most. Even still, I can see myself in the realm of cybersecurity, expanding the implications and 
complications of cryptography. My point is that taking on a major that is so malleable is one which proffers a wealth 
of knowledge and opportunity, but more so, creates an undeniably difficult decision in determining how to use the degree. 
To me, taking on an internship with the House Committee on Oversight and Accountability is a strong opportunity to take 
some of these broad interests and narrow them by investing in their real-world applications. The Committee particularly 
hosts subcommittees on cybersecurity and energy policy, those of which I’m interested in seeing how Congress interfaces 
with such issues on a scaled-up platform. One of the main reasons why I wanted to participate in this program was summed 
up earlier this week: Eventually, the technology will always work. However, an oft-overlooked understanding of these 
technological problems is that the engineering doesn’t end after the product is created. Technology must be politically 
engineered into existence, and that means internal changes to fit appropriate regulation or activism to bring new 
technological disruptions to fruition. I intend to educate myself on this by extending myself to as many of the briefing 
and hearing opportunities which are available to me as a Science Policy intern. Though much of the work I will be doing 
will not be entirely ‘technical’, just because I am not coding in an IDE does not mean that the work that I will be doing 
is not relevant to my education as a computer science major. I believe that the policy work that I will be indulging in 
is simply another droplet of CS-related and -adjacent applications that is often drowned out by the appeal and prestige 
associated with Big Tech.